The Planet of Leather Moomins
by Elliott Noel (C) 1997
____

Of mind and madness he explores
planets, dimensions, worlds and more
Axel Trondheim was his name
well traveled (from which he earned his fame)
one of but a handful to have ever seen
the planet of Leather Moomins.

Noone knows whence it came
a land of beauty inspiring dream
with purple and pink skies neither night or day
in eternal dusk or dawn it remains
stars shine bright so perfectly clear
on the world of the Leather Moomins.

Below in the meadows the Moomins run
playful and happy they live for fun
and in the rivers of blue and green
the Lutefish swim so quiet and serene
above lives the Kalooba-bird, master of the sky
in the land of the Leather Moomins.

Like chrome-plated alloy of silver and gold
the Kalooba is a spectacle of beauty to behold
ageless and wise he guards the land
from all forms of evil which might show their hand
or attempt to destroy the harmony of nature's way
in the realm of the Leather Moomins.

Trondheim had experienced many a place
though none that compared in beauty and grace
but secrets he knew which did tear at his heart
secrets he knew which might tear things apart
for system was coming to spread its disease
on the planet of the Leather Moomins.

So he called all the creatures from far and from near
they arrived by the hundreds to listen and hear
Moomins of various tribes and races
all short and bald, with round-featured faces
fearful of the evil they knew would appear
in the kingdom of the Leather Moomins.

In panic and fright they swallowed the news
determind to win but doomed to lose
they argued and resolved but to no avail
nothing could be done - they knew they would fail
and thus they awaited the arrival of system
to the planet of the Leather Moomins.

It started quickly.. discreet and subversive
building up slowly, but increasingly recursive
Moomin houses gradually changed their face
transforming themselves into office space
nobody noticed until it was too late
to save the sanity of the Leather Moomins.

From the top of the mountain the Kalooba did rest
observed the events and resulting unrest
the streets were awash with system galore
the towering offices - floor after floor
bureaucrats and technocrats, thousands of clones
encroaching on the Leather Moomins.

Soon there was nothing left of the landscape
system was everywhere - no place to escape
the Moomins were demoralized beyond belief
some started to think acceptance would be thier only relief
the planet was dying all seemed to be lost
in the land of the Leather Moomins.

The chrome-coloured Kalooba bird from his perch on the hill
refused to submit - had an iron will
"The only way in which this battle can be won,
is to teach the system how to hvae fun"
And thus with the help of Axel the great
began the liberation of the leather Moomins.

Discretely they laboured and tried to subvert
the fabric of system they picked at and hurt
infusing colour and life in the mechanical structure
the stability of system started to rupture
slowly the robots regained their life
and became Leather Moomins.

Now they are safe and the evil is gone
no sign of system and its automatons
peace is restored and Trondheim is no more
off on his journey - he continues to explore
but remember he will the beauty and awe
of the planet of the Leather Moomins.

Below in the meadows the moomins run,
playful and happy they live for fun
and in the rivers of blue and green
the Lutefish swim so quiet and serene
above lives the kalooba-bird master of the sky
in the land of the Leather Moomins.

